Why Event Driven Architecture was introduced?
1. Services were dependent on each other.
2. One service going down would affect the entire system.
3. Difficult to scale services independently.
4. Inability to Support "Fan-out" scenarios.

What is Event Driven Architecture?
1. An architectural pattern that promotes the production, detection, consumption of, and reaction to events.
2. An event is a significant change in state, or an update, that is meaningful within a system.
3. It decouples services, allowing them to operate independently and communicate through events.

What are the main components of Event Driven Architecture?
1. Event Producers: Services that generate events when a change in state occurs.
2. Event Consumers: Services that listen for and react to events.
3. Event Channels or Topics: The medium through which events are transmitted from producers to consumers.
4. Event Store: A storage system for persisting events for future reference or replay.
5. Event Broker: A middleware that manages the distribution of events between producers and consumers.
6. Queues: Used to store events temporarily until they are processed by consumers.

What are the benefits of Event Driven Architecture?
1. Decoupling: Services can operate independently, reducing dependencies.
2. Scalability: Services can be scaled independently based on demand.
3. Resilience: Failure of one service does not necessarily impact others.
4. Flexibility: Easier to add or modify services without affecting the entire system.
5. Improved Maintainability: Easier to manage and update individual services.

Four Pillars of Event Driven Architecture
1. Responsiveness: docker run -p 4444:4444 nats -p 4444
  - The system should respond to events in a timely manner.
2. Resilience: 
  - The system should continue to function even when some components fail.
  - It is achieved through redundancy, failover mechanisms, and graceful degradation.
3. Elasticity: The system should be able to scale up or down based on demand.
4. Message Driven: Communication between services should be based on messages (events) rather than direct calls.
